Lu Qixiu went to look for the tree again
Mr. Lu might as well get straight to the point
I can't believe we made such a bad scene yesterday
Are you still willing to take a passenger with me?
I am here today to discuss cooperation with Miss Shu
Yesterday you said you forgot some things.
I'm actually curious
Fu Siye as President of Fuji
Why would you let your woman show up?
It's so dangerous to talk about this cooperation
Wait, you said Fu Siye is the president of Fuji
Don't you know?
Go again
I didn't expect him to hide so many things from you
What else do you know?
Since you forgot
Then I'll help you remember
The reason why you got sicker in the first place
It's because you're drunk
He was raped by Fu Siye in a hotel
It was very exciting.
So it's impossible
I have proof
You did have sex three years ago
And I also found out
You haven't had any contact for the past three years
Then why did he suddenly get married to you?
Isn't it because I recognized you at a glance?
And feel guilty
girl
How can the girl be like this
You spend every day with a man like this
Get along day and night
Don't you think it's scary?
He lied to you so much.
Could it be that
You don't want revenge
If you want.
I'm always welcome.
I can give you a better platform to develop.
Think about it.